Setup
============

The following actions should be performed by the "root" user.

Make sure the "/etc/hosts" file contains correct entries for both the "localhost" and real host names.

	127.0.0.1      localhost localhost.localdomain localhost4 localhost4.localdomain4
	192.168.56.103 ol6.localdomain ol6

Create a new group and user.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

	groupadd -g 1000 oinstall
	useradd -u 1100 -g oinstall oracle
	passwd oracle

Create the directories in which the Oracle software will be installed.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

	mkdir -p /u01/app/oracle/middleware
	mkdir -p /u01/app/oracle/config/domains
	mkdir -p /u01/app/oracle/config/applications
	chown -R oracle:oinstall /u01
	chmod -R 775 /u01/

Run the following commands to set your environment and append them to the "/home/oracle/.bash_profile" file.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

	export MW_HOME=/u01/app/oracle/middleware
	export WLS_HOME=$MW_HOME/wlserver
	export WL_HOME=$WLS_HOME
	# Set to the appropriate JAVA_HOME.
	export JAVA_HOME=/u01/app/oracle/jdk1.8.0_77
	export PATH=$JAVA_HOME/bin:$PATH

Install JDK
============

Installing the JDK is simply a matter of extracting it from the tarball.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

	cd /u01/app/oracle/
	tar -xvzf /u01/software/jdk-8u77-linux-x64.tar.gz

	# It may just have the following extension.
	tar -xvzf /u01/software/jdk-8u77-linux-x64.gz

Create Response File
+++++++++++++++++++++
There are sample response files in the documentation (here), which you will need to adjust to suit your needs. Here is the response file used for WebLogic Server 12c, which should be saved as "/u01/software/wls.rsp".

	[ENGINE]
	Response File Version=1.0.0.0.0
	[GENERIC]
	ORACLE_HOME=/u01/app/oracle/middleware
	INSTALL_TYPE=WebLogic Server
	MYORACLESUPPORT_USERNAME=
	MYORACLESUPPORT_PASSWORD=<SECURE VALUE>
	DECLINE_SECURITY_UPDATES=true
	SECURITY_UPDATES_VIA_MYORACLESUPPORT=false
	PROXY_HOST=
	PROXY_PORT=
	PROXY_USER=
	PROXY_PWD=<SECURE VALUE>
	COLLECTOR_SUPPORTHUB_URL=

For Fusion Middleware Installer you need a response file like the following, saved as "/u01/software/fmw_infr.rsp".

	[ENGINE]
	Response File Version=1.0.0.0.0
	[GENERIC]
	ORACLE_HOME=/u01/app/oracle/middleware
	INSTALL_TYPE=Fusion Middleware Infrastructure
	MYORACLESUPPORT_USERNAME=
	MYORACLESUPPORT_PASSWORD=<SECURE VALUE>
	DECLINE_SECURITY_UPDATES=true
	SECURITY_UPDATES_VIA_MYORACLESUPPORT=false
	PROXY_HOST=
	PROXY_PORT=
	PROXY_USER=
	PROXY_PWD=<SECURE VALUE>
	COLLECTOR_SUPPORTHUB_URL=

You also need to specify an Oracle inventory location. Create a file called "/u01/software/oraInst.loc" with the following contents.

	inventory_loc=/u01/app/oraInventory
	inst_group=oinstall

WebLogic Silent Installation
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The following command shows how to initiate the installation in silent mode. 
IMPORTANT: Use a fmw_12.2.1.3.0_wls.jar Installer complete not Quick.

	# WLS
	$JAVA_HOME/bin/java -Xmx1024m -jar /u01/software/fmw_12.2.1.0.0_wls.jar -silent -responseFile /u01/software/wls.rsp -invPtrLoc /u01/software/oraInst.loc

	# Infrastructure
	$JAVA_HOME/bin/java -Xmx1024m -jar /u01/software/fmw_12.2.1.0.0_infrastructure.jar -silent -responseFile /u01/software/fmw_infr.rsp -invPtrLoc /u01/software/oraInst.loc
	Once extracted, you can test the WebLogic version using the following command.

	. $WLS_HOME/server/bin/setWLSEnv.sh
	java weblogic.version


Este lo utilice, se le debe dar las rutas absolutas

$JAVA_HOME/bin/java -Xmx512m -jar /u01/software/fmw_12.1.3.0.0_wls.jar -silent -responseFile /u01/software/wls.rsp -invPtrLoc /u01/software/orainst.loc 
